added link to SMTP Auth clients report (#5216)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/prepare-tls-1.2-in-office-365.md

- [New IIS functionality](https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/microsoftsecure/2017/09/07/new-iis-functionality-to-help-identify-weak-tls-usage/) makes it easier to find clients on [Windows Server 2012 R2](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4025335/windows-8-1-windows-server-2012-r2-update-kb4025335) and [Windows Server 2016](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4025334/windows-10-update-kb4025334) that connect to the service by using weak security protocols.
- Get more information about how to [solve the TLS 1.0 problem](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=55266).
- For general information about our approach to security, go to the [Office 365 Trust Center](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/cloudservices/office365).

> - For identifying version of TLS used by SMTP clients, see [SMTP Auth clients insight and report in the Security & Compliance Center](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/mfi-smtp-auth-clients-report)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To identify the version of TLS used by SMTP clients, see [SMTP Auth clients insight and report in the Security & Compliance Center](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/mfi-smtp-auth-clients-report).
```
